so I'm going to test this product it's
called the best tea bag we're gonna see
if it in fact can save this outdated
blackberry device from water exposure
and bring it back to life so we're going
to do is we take this phone it's a
blackberry no one cares on blackberry
well put in the water it's okay take it
out try it off it's okay so now we're
going to do is we're going to try it off
more it's very wet I'm going to take out
the battery and I'm going to put it in
this bag and time is supposed to be an S
and a factor here I'm kind of slow so
let's see if it works with the battery
now the problem has doesn't say whether
you put the battery in the bag or just
the device so clear that up as we go
along this is an experiment no so we
want to Jim some really strong
hands are wet my hands are wet the bag
is now been opened putting the device
into the back now there's all these
balls in here these festivals so do not
move beat some clear pouch almost it
okay put the phone back into the thing
look in the back and I never believed in
here for eight hours all right you leave
it in the bag for eight hours I'm gonna
come back and see what happens
one day later 14 hours later we have the
best event we have the phone inside it
or an open it up place in the battery t4
works we have an opening yet we all know
if it worked or not there's the phone it
was pretty dry it's a little bit humid
inside the bag there seems to be no
moisture can see that and we're to
attempt to put in the battery now and
see what happens I'd remember we put
this phone directly into a tub of little
cup of water see that's good enough well
and the phone is working probably the
best bet is does work let's see if I can
retrieve some information
so after about 30 seconds waiting the
phone actually does now work and I'm
pretty impressed you should turn the
screen on it's off the screen is off so
the phone doesn't work and I'm impressed
check e is very impressed over here you
know give us a little suspense for a
second but the phone works after dumping
in water and apparently this is a this
product is real